my friend song hello there everybody my
name's your do you guys get another
titanfall audio commentary if you're
brand new to the Channel please be sure
to hit that subscribe button as a source
of channel as well as i make titanfall
daily videos but that being said let's
get into this commentary so today guys
we are talking about something that has
not actually been confirmed even rumored
to leaked or anything this was just an
idea that i had but this bliss idea was
sparked from a reddit poster about a
comment on a recent post on our /
titanfall reddish subreddit and anyways
i thought was pretty dang cool someone
brought up the possibility of there
being a horn boating titanfall and
apparently it sounded like there was a
planned version of some sort of horde
mode where I guess you go up with the
team against just obviously minions or
BOTS or what we have minions bought same
thing and I thought this would be pretty
dang cool apparently there was a there's
actually a piece of audio that they did
record and it didn't make it into the
final game or some I'll added this
someone found this piece audio and it
indicated something to do with next wave
coming or some like that so someone they
recorded this respawn and it never made
it to a guy blog a done put on the
cutting room for and I thought me really
cool to have a some sort of horde mode
in the game I mean I don't know exactly
how they do it they think there's a few
different well actually there's a tummy
game setup or modes I don't know exactly
what they do but I just think about it I
mean with with titanfall it's a really
fun game i really like the gameplay
itself I mean have the only problems i
do have with tiny fossa as i have said
before is just a lack of customization
but just think about if you could maybe
get a group of friends the entire party
of six or a party of four and just go up
against a whole bunch of enemies i don't
know exactly what they do they even go
up against enemy titans that are BOTS i
don't exactly know if it's to be the
funnest game mode and i don't know how
they do it it would be something cool to
maybe do in private match but um maybe
it's completely different from classic
multiplayer maybe this own brand new
game oh like own brand new playlist so
it's not even in the classic it's like a
new edition but it's scary what if
there's be something like zombies for
example i was not actually part of the
multiplayer but its its own separate
thing that was some of that be really
cool i'm definitely interested in that
and yeah I don't know this video was
just it's an idea video is something
that I really like to see once again I
don't know exactly what game they do it
similar to maybe titanfall can make up
their own version of it but just
something to do with a horde mode I
think we're really awesome there's also
a few other game modes like to see like
something like infected would be awesome
from Halo / khalili I prefer
original moreover call of duty but I
don't know horde mode I'm I know your
thoughts down below in the comments this
was just once again as it did say a
quick idea that I had nothing's been
rumored or leaked but well there was a
piece of well there was an audio clip
that was recorded to firmly spawn that
mentioned incoming your next wave
incoming apparently they put it into the
actual training somehow but anyways I
don't know but yeah my name is your dude
i'll talk to you guys later with
everybody i once again i apologize for
the echo when as well as it's a little
bit later some talking a little quieter
for this field but thank so much for
watching and I'll see you guys with
another video come up very soon goodbye